Okay.
So knowing what we know about dynamic object properties in JavaScript, here is a cool refactor that
we can do to our action button.
You'll notice in our computed properties that we are creating a manual object with primary and secondary
properties, with the goal of having a boolean there to represent whether that suggests class should
be applied.
And so we're comparing with a literal string of primary and a literal string of secondary.
Well, if you think about it, the type value that we are providing from our parent component in this
case secondary is the exact same as the name of the access class that we'd like to apply within action
button.
So if we could just take this value secondary and set it to a boolean value of true, then our action
button would know to apply the secondary.
Yes, that's class.
And alternatively, if our type was primary and we used primary as a object property key and set that
to true, then the action button would know to apply the primary access class instead.
So here's one way that we can remove these two lines and express the same idea in a single line.
I'm going to reference with square brackets because it is a dynamic property reference.
I'm going to reference this type.
So this is going to be some string, either primary or secondary.
But whatever it is, I'm going to set it as the object property here in my button class returned object
and whatever it is, I'm always going to set it equal to a boolean of true.
So if the user, for example, passes in any type of secondary, this will be an object with a single
key value pair.
It's going to be a key of secondary with a value of true, which will apply the secondary access class.
There is no primary key at all, but that's not a problem because view is just not going to apply the
primary key or the primary is, yes, that's class.
So if I go back to my browser right now.
We're going to see our secondary button right here.
And if I go into my action mind component, we can see here that our type is secondary.
That is a string.
And we're using that string as the basis for a property here in this object called secondary, which
we're setting to true, which of course is going to apply this secondary access class and give us this
type of button.
Alternatively, if I go back here and I change this to primary and save and I go back to my browser,
we're now going to see a different result and it makes sense.
We're passing in a different string of primary with thus activating or creating a different property
on our button class computed property object.
It now has a key of primary such a true so now it knows to apply the primary class and we get our primary
button right and that spares us the need to keep adding all of these additional conditionals if we decide
to make different versions of the button.
So if tomorrow we decide to, for example, have a new type called tertiary or error or warning, as
long as we add a scissors class of the same name here in action band, we no longer need to modify anything
here.
Right?
Because our property or our prop will stay the same.
It'll state the same as type and whatever the name is.
We're always going to apply it with a value of true.
So all that this component then needs in order to expand, to grow is the name of that type as a new
access class such as, you know, tertiary or error or whatever we decide to give it, it will automatically
be applied if we pass that type in and we can apply those custom styles.
So there's a lot less customization and less code that we have to add to our action.
But every time that we decide to introduce a different variant or access styling to it.
All right, so I like where we are currently and we'll continue chipping away at props and similar ideas
in the next lesson.